Add CHANGELOG for v0.35 (#213)
turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-compliance: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.35 [2023-08-31]

_Breaking changes_

> - The `Other Compliance Checks` benchmark has been removed and 353 service specific controls are now placed under `All Controls` benchmark. (`steampipe check benchmark.all_controls`) ([#212](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-compliance/pull/212))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Other Compliance Checks` benchmark (`steampipe check benchmark.other_checks`) has been removed and replaced by the new `All Controls` benchmark (`steampipe check benchmark.all_controls`). This new benchmark includes 353 service-specific controls. ([#212](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-compliance/pull/212))
```
